CallFunnel best practices. We're going
to be going through what you need to do
on the funnel ad strategy, follow-up ad
strategy, email marketing best
practices, confirmation page best
practices, even some salespeople best
practices in this video in order to
maximize ROI and revenue that can come
from call funnels. If you're new to the
channel, welcome in. My name is Jeremy
Haynes. Out of the 41 different
businesses that we've helped scale up to
million-dollar months, CallFunnels have
been a very core funnel. in some
instances the only funnel that's been
used to scale those businesses up. And I
love talking about call funnels. They're
one of my absolute favorite things. They
just make so much money, you know?
They're just so good. So anyway, without
further ado, we're going to dive right
in. Again, if you're new to the channel,
all we talk about around here is hitting
million-dollar months. Uh it's very
exciting and uh hopefully you can
ideally punch up yourself when you learn
some of the lessons from the people who
have already gotten there. We don't make
income claims here. we just hand down
the best practices from all these
different businesses that we've worked
with to you. Uh again, if you're already
a subscriber, welcome back. This one
should be a banger. Okay, so
CallFunnels, let's get started with the
ads themselves. So, one thing that we've
noticed is talking head ads, which is
just like what you're experiencing right
now. Somebody sitting down talking to
the camera and walking through a very
standard set of direct response ads can
work phenomenal at getting people to
book calls. The issue is is you don't
want the wrong types of people coming
through the funnels. We have an entire
video on this channel dedicated to what
we call pixel conditioning best
practices, which I would absolutely
encourage that you watch thoroughly.
Don't skip around in it. Watch the
entirety of that video because it talks
about the importance of sending back the
right people and never allowing the
wrong people to come through. And
there's many different ways you can go
about doing that. This specific video
has all of the current best practices
that we are implementing literally right
now into CallFunnels to get them to
work. So, let's talk about the funnel
itself. They are still as simple as what
we've historically ran them. We do a
headline, we do a video, and we do an
application. We still today have not
found any replacement for the Type Form
Cowanly combo. Type form and Calendarly
integrate with each other. I know some
of you guys pay a [__] exorbitant
amount of money for HubSpot. Uh, I know
some of you obviously use go high level
and then some of you use like some other
random [__] Um, I don't care, okay? I
don't care at all when a client tells me
like, "Hey, uh, I want to maximize like
using literally every single thing that
we can in HubSpot that's available to
us." Or like when somebody that's paying
low couple hundred bucks for go high
levels like, "Oh, well, they have
[__] applications and calendars.
Like, why wouldn't we use theirs?" Look,
I will always test it, okay? I don't
want to be right. I just want to make
money. There are occasional clients that
we still scale at a million- dollar
months that don't use this exact
combination that use like type form and
schedule once or [__] go high level
and you know whatever. The uh the point
I'm trying to make though is the clients
that have the lowest cost per qualified
call they use type form and countly. So
whenever I get my way in the deal and I
can tell them like hey do this it's
going to get us the cheapest cost per
qualified call. That's what I'm doing.
And obviously when we're running a call
funnel and we're looking at our
financial models that we've created for
it, the lower the cost per qualified
call, the more profit that we make.
Okay. So, you know, we want to start
there, right? Okay. Anyway, um generally
from there, we'll end up having two
different outcomes for where people can
go. We will have a qualified
confirmation page where we will send
people who are obviously qualified and
then we will have an unqualified uh page
for typically like a drop cell. We still
want to capture people. Most
organizations that we work with in terms
of a best practice on call funnels.
They'll have setters that dial the
unqualified people and they'll have
setters and or closers that dial the
most qualified people that schedule
straight into their calendars. There are
certain instances where we will actually
withhold the data from firing back from
the pixel automatically completely.
That's not the majority of the time that
we'll do this. It's a minority, but
still when we got to do it, we do it. So
what we'll typically do for the
qualified standard event that we'll
optimize for we'll use schedule and or
we'll use complete registration.
Generally at scale we'll use both as we
will implement the best practices of
cyclic campaigns which I talk about
inside of courses like my master
internet marketing community and course
which you can find a link for down in
the description. So, long story short,
on the qualified confirmation page,
schedule and complete registration will
fire off back to the ads manager and
signal that somebody was qualified.
However, there are instances where we'll
get unqualified people to hit that
pixel. And when we get that kind of
feedback from the sales team, what we'll
do instead is we will not send back any
standard event through the pixel itself.
What we'll do instead is we'll use the
conversion API and we'll link the CRM
with those different deal stages that
exist. So, usually in a CRM, you have a
bunch of different stages in your
pipeline that your salespeople drag and
drop people between. As an example, you
might have applied and didn't schedule,
scheduled, no show, you know, etc. These
kind of things for the pipeline stages.
Now, what we ideally want is for the
sales rep to just simply move somebody
in to this magic little deal stage right
here, which is they scheduled a call or
they applied, don't care, they were
qualified. Okay? So, if a salesperson
can signal after talking to somebody,
this individual was actually qualified,
that's obviously the highest
qualifications like metric that we can
possibly get a salesperson feedback. So
then what we'll do is we'll take this
person who is in that qualified bucket
and we'll push them back to the ads
manager through the conversion API. So
we have a slight delay in the signal
that gets sent back to that results
column. We don't want to have too much
time in between this because if you
understand how advertising works, you'll
know already that when that results
column in the ads manager remains empty,
that algorithm, that AI is going to
rotate to a different audience until it
starts to get data back into the results
column. Once data officially starts
rolling back in, and it doesn't even
take a lot of data. If you have a
marketer that says, "Oh, it takes like
50 or 100 people to come back before it
starts to do what?" Jeremy says they're
operating like a [__] barbarian. They
have historic hindsight bias for how
things used to be, how things are
literally right now. It takes a couple
people, that's it. A couple people to
come into that results column, signal to
that AI and that ads account who it
needs to go after next to start heavily
biasing towards people that have data
points most similar to those individuals
that are converting. So again, we're
either sending back people from here
that are qualified or we're sending back
the people from the CRM that were
qualified and marked qualified by the
salesperson. This up here is done
through the pixel. Okay, this here is
done through the conversion API. And
some of you are going to ask, oh, do I
do one or the other or do I do both? You
could technically do both. However, in
most instances, the only reason we're
going to do this is because we are
getting feedback from the salespeople
that we are having people that were
marked qualified that are actually
unqualified. So, we'll let the sales
people manually attribute it back,
ideally in a tight time frame, push the
data back to the results column, help
the ad account go after people who are
actually qualified. It all starts with
pixel conditioning. That's the moral of
the story. This is an initial best
practice you must follow. Now, back to
my point. The direct response ads are
pretty standard. you don't we don't have
to do a lot of fancy things to get the
calls booked. Okay, we're still seeing a
large quantity across almost all markets
and offer types for high ticket products
and services that are still wanting to
just jump on calls with people. Okay, so
this funnel is still very strong as a
conversion mechanism and and like I
said, it's still used extremely
frequently across almost every deal that
we do that hits million-dollar months.
Okay, here's the thing, though. Most
people make pretty shitty direct
response ads that have awful messaging
inside of it that attract a lower
quality person. So, the biggest thing
that you're going to consistently see as
a theme throughout this video and hear
as a theme throughout this video is that
you're dealing with unqualified people.
And that obviously holds back to rorowaz
and the potential of scaling up this
funnel to the big million-doll months.
You have to handle quality. Okay? So
messaging ends up being one of those
massive levers in terms of this is going
to get more qualified people through the
door if executed successfully. So one of
the most common ways that I get exposed
to unqualified or bad messaging direct
response ads is through the people who
initially join into my inner circle
offer. So in the inner circle we do
twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly
group calls, quarterly inerson
masterminds in the group chat full of
rich people trying to get richer. And we
also do this thing in the inner circle
where typically every Tuesday I'll sit
down and I do this thing called the
marketing funnel marketing automation
and ads review where all the inner
circle members have the ability to
submit their information into a document
which I will then review on a Tuesday
and I'll sit down right here and I'll
film a video just going through their
funnel, going through their ads and
going through their marketing
automation. And it's always the people
who just join that don't implement these
best practices we're talking about yet
that make these mistakes the most. A
great example of this, there was a guy
recently doing around 300k a month that
joins in. He has an offer that's
$10,000. And I won't again, I won't sit
here and tell you about the offer
itself, right? But just a $10,000 offer.
And the guy is in the service niche,
okay? High ticket service. And you know,
in the headline, I mean, dude, this this
funnel this guy had was so [__] And
the ads that were paired with it were
also so [__] It was awful. Uh, it was
all income claims. So, and they were
audacious income claims at that. They
were like, "Hey, we'll help you get to
10K a month in 90 days guaranteed or
we'll give you a,000 bucks." Uh, we had
people that that same exact guy and like
many people like him that initially just
joined in are are just again making like
horrid income claims. Income claims
guarantees. These are two examples of
really really low-level sophistication
tactics that attract absolute dumpster
diving turds into your funnel and onto
your calendars for your salespeople to
talk to. Uh, everybody that's rich, like
you sitting here right now is a perfect
example of that, rich and trying to get
a fuckload richer than you are right
now. You know, guarantees are frivolous
[__] Why? Because a business can
just go bankrupt, right? The person
doesn't have to follow through on the
guarantee if they declare bankruptcy and
are legally voided of that
responsibility. They don't even have to
offer the guarantee to just [__] you, of
course. But that's not my point. It's
like rich people know when you're trying
to sell to somebody who's going to buy a
$10,000 offer. It's like a guarantee
does not create certainty. A guarantee
does not create confidence. A guarantee
essentially signals to the people that
are the most skeptical that they can
have safety. So, what you're actually
getting as a buyer type is a highly
skeptical individual that feels safe in
the fact that you have a guarantee. The
people who are actually sophisticated
buyers that are typically more
financially welloff, they look at
guarantees and they just think, "I've
been [__] by so many people who have
offered guarantees before and still
haven't gotten the outcome or my money
back." Like, you know, that can't be
true. They actually look at it as like
it creates an objection. Okay, income
claims are another great example of
that. Super low, sophisticated tactic.
No serious person is going to be highly
responsive to income claims. Take this
exact channel as a perfect example of
that. Okay? I constantly say in every
single video that I create, the US
Bureau of Labor Statistics says that you
have a.1% probability of hitting $10
million a year, let alone the even
smaller probability to get to $12
million a year, aka a million dollar a
month. And I constantly reiterate, I say
I don't make income claims on this
channel. I'm just handing down the
lessons from people who have hit
million-dollar months to just give you
different things that you could think
with and things you could do that just
yeah, they should improve your business,
but I make an income claim associated
with it. I don't sit here and tell you,
"Hey, watch my channel and you'll hit a
million dollars a month." I do the exact
opposite of that. Okay? Why does that
attract a higher quality person? We get
people all the time routinely that come
through our funnels already. our exact
buyer demographic that we seek, doing a
couple hundred grand a month, meeting
our minimum thresholds to buy our
different offers. We have guys that come
through our funnels that already do a
million a month that are trying to tack
on the next million a month. Why? Cuz
I'm actually honest with them. I set a
realistic expectation. I tell you the
truth, okay? Does that negate the fact
that you likely still with the utmost
certainty believe it to be possible for
you to hit million-dollar months? You
see what I'm saying? I don't need to
tell you, oh dude, we're going to offer
a guarantee to do something that has a
0.1% probability less than that. It's
like, no, dude. I tell you the realistic
expectation. I can't guarantee the work
you need to do with the [__] I tell you
to go do. I can't guarantee your
consumption to go through the fuckload
of material that I can provide to you.
But what I can do is provide it to you.
That's what I can guarantee. I can
guarantee you I'll give you the sauce,
but I can't guarantee you'll do [__]
with it. You get what I'm saying? that
creates an opportunity for more
sophisticated buyer who's much more
financially well off to be responsive to
it. So anyway, the point I'm trying to
make, messaging, okay, messaging is one
of the number one things that creates
huge discrepancies right off the bat.
And that exact example I was providing
to you prior to talking about my inner
circle example where I'm talking about
the guy saying, "Oh, dude, we can get
you to 10K a month in 90 days. We
guarantee it. We'll give you $1,000 if
we don't." It's like the guy then
follows up by saying, "Oh, and I've sold
$100 million in product." How much of a
[__] skeptic do you want to make
people before they even touch the
funnel? All of what I just said was said
in the ads and then reiterated in the
funnel. It was It was insane. It was
insane. And thank God they actually
listen to what I'm saying. They
immediately started seeing better
quality people come through their funnel
implementing everything we're going to
talk about in this video. But like one
of the things that they bitched about
when they first joined in was, "Oh, they
have like a 30 something% show rate and
they're getting nothing but turds on
their calendar." And then they're
shocked. Why? You see? So again, point
being messaging changes. Okay? Things
like saying, "Oh, I've done $100
million." Nobody [__] believes that,
you know, and if they do believe it,
they're asking themselves a question
right after. Well, why are you trying to
help me hit $10,000 a month then? You
see, don't create objections for people,
you know, in your messaging. Generally,
the best practices for direct response
is is very simple. It's hooked. You have
your body and then obviously you have
your CTA. And one thing that we actually
just recently created, it's actually one
of my favorite documents. I had a
client, very high level client that was
asking this question. They wanted to
have a direct response ad creation
framework. So, I made a 56page document
going through all of those best
practices. And then, listen, like I
said, we sell to rich people. You know,
we're not naive to what y'all want. So
we made a too long didn't read version
of it that came out to six pages in
comparison to 56. Okay? And we give all
of our inner circle members, clients,
consulting deals, all of those best
practices. But again, the simplest like
framework for direct response ads, hook,
body, call to action, right? And you can
work in messaging strategically
throughout that. I gave a perfect
example to one of my clients that wanted
to attract people who were stuck at
somewhere around seven figures a year.
The lowest qualified person they wanted
was like high six figures a year in
income. And you know even greater than
that they wanted to ideally take those
high six low seven figure earners to
eight figures a year. Okay? And they had
this scaling workshop that they
implemented to do so. And I told them in
their ads is a perfect example of
messaging. I used one of my own offers
where I say, "Hey, if you're stuck
around low couple thousand dollar a day
in ad spend and every time you try to
scale up to go bigger, things fail. Your
costs climb dramatically. Your rorowaz
drops. Pay attention." That'd be a great
example of me calling out people who are
likely around a couple hundred grand a
month and want to hit million-dollar
months without just saying in an
extremely direct way, hey, are you
around six figures a month and you want
to hit seven figures a month? Pay
attention. describing the conditions of
our ideal customers, okay, is a far
greater tactic comparatively to just
saying some of the extremely direct ways
of calling them out, okay? But again,
without going and just turning this
entire video into a messaging best
practices class, I want to stick to the
callunnel best practices, but I can't
glaze over the fact that messaging
matters so much so much to the type of
person you're going to bring in, both in
the direct response ads and in the
actual funnel itself. Okay. One thing
that we've also recently tested and that
I'd love to share with you in this
updated CallFunnel best practices video
is the length of time that we're
actually seeing people consume VSSLs has
gone up dramatically. So, one of the
inner circle members, Mr. Daniel Fazio,
you may know him on Twitter as u like
like black co email wizard I think is
his Twitter name. You can also find him
on a secondary profile under his actual
name himself there. Um good long-term
inner circle member at this point. He
had done a speaking gig here at one of
our recent inner circle masterminds. He
was awarded a million dollar a month
trophy after hitting it in late Q4.
Anytime somebody hits a million dollars
a month in the inner circle, we give
them a big trophy and we let him do a
talk sharing how they got there and some
of the best lessons. In that talk, he
shared adding chapters to a VSSL just
like what you see here on this YouTube
video below. You'll find that as you can
just drag your mouse over it or if
you're on mobile device, you can just
click the video and see all the little
chapters there and do the same thing
where you kind of scrub your finger
along the little uh you know control the
time bar and you'll see what is talked
about and when it is talked about. He
implemented that in his BSLs and he saw
a huge lift in overall retention and
people coming through more qualified as
a result. That was in Q4 at that inter
no I'm sorry that was at Q1. So very
early January of this year that he did
that talk. We've since immediately
implemented it across everybody that's
running a call funnel. We encourage it
as one of our best practices. So, so
shout out to Daniel for that specific
tip. But to be clear, that increased
retention dramatically cuz typically
what you saw if you actually use a
platform like Wistia or Vidalytics that
gives you insight into the behavior of
your users on your videos and your
VSSLs, you'll notice that people
typically jump around or people watch
the first part and then they leave. The
chapter titles being implemented
obviously caused people to still jump
around, but it also enabled them to go
back and watch very specific parts or
skip parts that they deemed they didn't
need. Typically, lower IQ dumb people
like to argue, "Oh, well, I don't want
to have a chapter title on my video
because then people are going to jump
around. I don't even want the control to
be on the video. I want everybody to
watch it exactly how I've presented it."
Okay. Anyway, I won't sit here and call
you dumb, but uh that is a stupid
argument. Okay? Cuz in reality, that's
just not how humans behave. Okay? When
somebody thinks that something's for
them, they're going to just go apply and
go through the funnel. When somebody
thinks it's not for them, they're going
to leave. If they get bored in the
middle of watching your VSSL that you
likely got them to through direct
response advertising, again, they're
going to leave because they don't give a
[__] about you yet. When you give them
the opportunity to scrub through it with
the different chapter titles of when
you're talking about what in the video,
you give an opportunity for them to
scrub past the [__] that you think
they need to consume that they don't
care about to get them to the point of
what they actually think they need to
know, which ultimately leads them to
have a higher probability to take the
action, which is applying and then
scheduling a call and coming through
better framed. If you struggle with
thinking that people need to consume the
VSSL in its entirety to get them to show
up qualified, pay very close attention
to the rest of this video and ultimately
combine all these best practices that
we're now going to speak on to help
overcome that troublesome thought that
you have. So, the next thing that we
found works extremely well currently is
confirmation page best practices. So,
we've called these the uh due diligence
best practices recently where we've
really stepped up helping people do
their research prior to getting onto a
call. So, typically on a confirmation
page, okay, if we just treat this like a
giant confirmation page here, we'll
typically have some type of like
confirmationbased headline like just
demonstrating to them like, hey, you
know, your call's booked. And once we
get past that part, we generally have a
few things on the page. So, we have a
video here. This video typically has a
video thumbnail as every single VSSL you
ever have should. This will also have
those chapter titles that we discussed
from that tip that Daniel provided. And
then from there, there's two main
sections that we're going to create.
Okay? So, one of these sections is what
we call breakout videos. So, look at it
like this. Everything that happens on
your sales call that your sales people
don't like having to talk about or that
they notice is a pattern of people
showing up and wanting to talk about and
just asking like common questions that
consistently come up. Those should be
individual breakout videos. All the
things that you want to have made clear
in your VSSL that you're consistently
pissed and upset about saying, "Oh,
people aren't watching my VSSL, so they
don't show up qualified." Great. Take
those specific things that you want
people to know before a call that are
from your VSSL, make breakout videos for
them. You might end up having anywhere
from four to upwards of 12 plus of these
types of videos. Okay? They end up being
anywhere from like 30 seconds to all the
way up to maybe 5 minutes long. Okay? In
addition to the things that the
salespeople have coming up and the
things you want made clear before they
show up to the call from the VSSL, you
also typically want to handle things
like objections, expectations, and some
of those four quadrants that we've
talked about routinely from my hammer
them content strategy. We have entire
videos on this channel dedicated to the
hammer them sequence, and we'll also
talk about it lightly here in a moment.
However, they also make for great
breakout videos right here on the
confirmation page. Okay, these videos
help people do their research. That's
the intention of them. They help people
understand the things that your
salespeople are otherwise having to talk
to them about. They also help improve
the show rate dramatically. Because
here's the thing, you'd think that,
okay, well, people are booking a call.
Obviously, they want to show up and they
want to talk to us. That couldn't be
further than the [__] truth for most
of these people and that's why your show
rate is so bad. You aren't actually
addressing the things that come up
between them booking the call and the
actual call time itself. So that
ultimately leads them to have an
extremely low priority on showing up and
doing other things. Instead, we have to
after they book the call, sell them on
why they need to show up and overcome
the questions that they have before they
actually show up. Okay, I use this great
example of a company. I've talked about
this many times on this channel where I
I have a lovehate relationship with
taxes. I love them because I spend so
[__] much on taxes that consistently
drives me to make more money and I like
to think that, you know, okay, I'm
contributing to the country that I live
in and you know, I like I said, I love
them from that perspective. I don't love
them at all because it costs me so much
money and a lot of the things that have
recently come out that my country spends
money on really pisses me off. Okay, I
digress though. I saw an ad. company
from Dubai said, "Hey, we can create a
corporation for you here in Dubai. You
can flow all of your income through that
corporation and establish residency here
and have a bank account here. We'll set
it all up for you. Done for you service
and that'll offshore your profits. So
therefore, you'll zero out your income
and therefore you'll zero out your taxes
owed in the good old country you're
from." I saw that ad and I was like,
"Yeah, that's for me. [__] yeah." I book
a call. It was 9 days out from the time
I booked the call, which is extreme
anyway. that has a dramatically high
probability of getting a really low show
rate just based on how far they booked
me out. But whatever. Okay. Once I
booked a call, it opens a cycle. Okay?
It opens a cycle of like something I'm
now anticipating I have to talk about in
the future, which makes me want to do
research on it to see if it's worth my
time or not. Okay? Or if I don't do any
research on it, by the time the call
comes around, I just think to myself,
well, do I got more important things to
do that day? Yeah. Okay, great. I'm
going to do those instead. So, it's
really one of those two situations.
either a lack of research was presented
before the call or they did research on
their own and they determine what
whatever you're going to talk to them
about just isn't for them or something
else comes up on that day and they deem
whatever you're going to talk to them
about as a much lower probability and
priority comparatively to everything
else that they'd otherwise do in that
day. Okay, those are the main two
situations that cause low rates. Okay,
the Dubai company that says they can
offshore my profits and zero out my
taxes. They don't send me a [__] lick
of information, like nothing in the nine
days, just super basic reminder emails
which almost all of you fall victim to.
you think, "Oh, I've got some pre-all
email sequence." It probably [__]
sucks, okay? And that's why your show
rate sucks. So, even if you have one and
you have a terrible show rate, don't sit
there and gaslight yourself into
thinking that it's good when your show
rate sucks ass. Okay? If you have a good
show rate, just skip this part and go to
the next part. Okay? Anyway, back
anyway, back to the point I'm trying to
make. Okay? What we noticed is is when
we help people do their research and
like do due diligence on what they're
trying to talk to you about prior to the
call, they show up. They show up.
They're further along in the sales
process and we can answer those
questions right here on the confirmation
page. We can answer them in the email
sequences that follow them up and we can
answer them in the content remarketing
that we're going to do through the
hammer them strategy. This Dubai company
didn't do anything. Literally nothing.
They just sent the generic like, "Hey,
here's a reminder to your call coming
up." So, guess what I did? I did the
research and I found that that claim was
utter [__] I'd have to renounce my
US citizenship and move somewhere else,
get citizenship or residency in that
other place in order to avoid the taxes.
Okay? If I offshore my profits, I still
owe tax dollars on those is the moral of
the story. Okay? As a US citizen, that's
the case for me. Might be different for
you. I know I have a relatively large
international audience, so I'm not
projecting that that's your use case.
I'm not trying to give you tax advice
either. I'm just more so saying what I
researched ultimately helped me conclude
that call would be a total waste of my
[__] time. And because the company
didn't help me in any way, shape, or
form do research, I deemed it as this
isn't worth my time. They didn't even
try to reach out to me. I didn't get a
single selfie video from the sales rep.
I didn't get any communication from the
sales rep. Nothing. Not even an
automated text to try to engage me
before the call. Literally nothing. So
obviously, I didn't show up and I did
the research on my own. Okay. So, for
the people who are going to do research,
okay, why not help them do their
research? And that all starts right on
the confirmation page with those
breakout videos. The main confirmation
page video should be relatively short.
It's like, hey, congratulations. You
booked your call. Really excited to talk
with you. We view it from here forward
between now and your call to help you
understand this whole thing as much as
we can to get you as much information as
we can that's actually beneficial to
your buying process. By the time you get
to the call, we ideally want you to be
in or out. That's our objective. It's
okay. We're not trying to press you and
say like you have to buy on the call.
That's not the case. We just want to do
our best effort to get you as informed
as we can between now and then. So, from
here forward, you're going to see a
bunch of emails from us. You're going to
see some content that answers those
types of questions. And right here on
this very page you're on below this
video, you'll see a bunch of those. We
provide plenty of examples of
confirmation pages like this, of email
sequences like that, and of content
examples inside of our inner circle
offer where we do twice a month
one-on-one calls, weekly group calls,
quarterly in-person masterminds, and a
Telegram chat, our community platform
full of rich people trying to get a hell
of a lot richer. We audit the ones that
you create. We even watch the videos
that you have. I watch them and a few
other people will watch them, too, and
give you some added perspective. That
way, you can make sure you execute this
right. whether you're going to take
action on this kind of stuff just from
watching the YouTube video or not. Need
I not say that you obviously have a much
higher probability of getting the
results you're after when you actually
pay us money because we'll give you a
lot more information here. We withhold a
tremendous amount of stuff just like
examples and a few more best practices
that we obviously only talk about once
you actually pay us money. We're very
good at understanding the game. You give
us money, we need to make you more money
than what you give us and make sure
you're satisfied. That way, the time
that next charge comes, you're going to
have a smile on your face when you see
that receipt email. Okay, back to my
point. The other thing that you want to
have on this page is obviously
testimonials. Testimonials need to be
believable. They need to be the average,
okay, of your actual result that you're
going to help people get. And they
should ideally be below the breakout
videos because the breakout videos, what
we've noticed, have a far greater impact
comparatively to just testimonial
videos. Okay? Don't be afraid, by the
way, to make some long- form content to
pepper in there for your breakout
videos. But ideally, you answer the
questions that the breakout video is
about or the research portion of the
video is about right at the front of the
video if they're going to be longer
form. Try to make like a too long didn't
read version of it first and then try to
expand on it a little bit after. That
always helps a lot. Okay. So in addition
to the confirmation pages as I mentioned
we have a very aggressive
researchoriented email sequence that
we're going to send out to people and
that's a part of that hammer them
strategy that we are going to encourage
everybody to implement. Okay. So this
email sequence can be as high give or
take your audience of about six emails a
day. Keep in mind that would be 18 total
emails assuming that you have a 72-hour
duration of time between the person
booking and the person showing up. One
thing I want to comment on that is a
current callfunnel best practice is
potentially
intentionally spacing out the amount of
time between a call booking and the time
of the call itself. Instead of just
allowing people to book within a day,
sometimes allowing them to book 2 days
or 3 days out can be the most ideal
booking window. That way you can get a
lot of this information off prior to the
call. If you consistently get
salespeople that say things like, "Oh,
the leads are unqualified." First of
all, try to get a lot more articulate
feedback from your sales team. End of
day reports, true articulate feedback
can be extremely powerful for what it
enables you to do as an organization.
Implementing call funnels and trying to
scale them up. Okay. Some good feedback
that we've typically gotten from sales
people when we don't implement all these
best practices is that people just feel
too early in the sales process on
certain offers. If you're targeting like
a really inmarket demographic and those
people are already very far along and
just ready to buy, that's tremendous.
You don't have to do a lot of these best
practices. You can get away with that.
If you're targeting people and you find
yourself having to, you know, convince
them or just like work them to the point
where they're further along in the sales
process, then you want to follow every
single best practice that I'm laying out
here for you. In order to get people
further along in that sales process,
okay? You have to follow these kinds of
things, the research, the testimonials,
the hammer them content remarketing with
the right type of content that people
actually want, the types of questions
that they have answered, not the types
of questions you think they need to
know, but the real questions they
actually have. These things work
phenomenal for that kind of stuff. So
anyway, an aggressive research email
sequence. I know six emails a day might
sound like a ton, okay? But remember,
when people actually want the
information, we see open rates on this
upwards of 60 to 70% for every single
[__] email that goes out. When you
combine that with what we call these
like research SOPs, these like FAQ
documents and these breakout videos that
you also work into your email sequences
and your content remarketing campaigns.
Okay, these become incredibly valuable
that also ultimately get consumed a lot
prior to the call. Same exact logic I
provided for the confirmation page
breakout videos just repurposed here
inside of your actual email sequence.
Okay. Now, in addition to all of that,
we have the hammer them strategy. So,
the hammer them strategy is incredible
when it comes to helping people show up
a lot better framed and further along in
the sales process than they otherwise
would be without all this information.
Um, to be clear and just very light on
it, since we already have entire videos
on this channel dedicated to the hammer
them strategy, we typically do 30 to 50
pieces of short form. We try to do about
20 to 30 pieces of long form content and
we try to retarget people within the key
window anywhere as low as about 15 times
as high as about 20 plus times in terms
of the ideal frequency. And one thing
that I notice, and this is typically
from the people who try to implement
things from my YouTube channel and then
eventually buy my stuff where I get to
see this scenario play out. Like you'll
try to do what I'm articulating, but
you'll do it extremely halfass. Um, I
just want to be really clear when I say
this, right? I have not gotten to these
numbers by accident or by just making
them up. Okay? I've tried it with far
less content. I work with busy, rich
people for a living. Okay? The last
thing I ever try to do for that
demographic is overwhelm them with a ton
of [__] that I need them to go and film.
I don't have that luxury with almost
every person that we work with. So, what
I've noticed is is that people try to
execute this in a really halfass way.
Like, I've come into an account where,
as an example, they have like 23 pieces
of long form content and they're not
really getting the outcome of the hammer
them strategy. They only have short
form. They don't have long form. They're
not hitting the minimum frequency target
within that time frame. They're just
again, they're just halfassing the
strategy. So, you don't get the outcome
as a result of that. You get the outcome
of people showing up much further along
in the sales process with all the common
questions answered and being a lot
better framed when you actually execute
the strategy to the fullest extent of
how I articulate it. Okay. I also want
to be really clear, although yes, I try
to articulate it to you as best I can
here in a very light way to try to put
you on game and help you make more money
and just get better results in your
business. That way, when you do
eventually spend money with us, it's
house money. You know, like you already
went and profited, you're just using
some of the profit dollars to spend
money with us eventually. I want to be
clear when I say this, the hammer them
strategy SOP is tremendously long, okay?
and it's full of examples and how-tos
and like all the technicals and it also
has all of these links to tons of
content examples. The other thing that I
see is without me or somebody else
within the community actually giving you
perspective on whether you're making the
right hammer them videos and you're
you're proactively creating and using
the right content that actually answers
the questions. you executed in the dark
is what we call it and just on your own.
Um, you typically get [__] results
because you're making very poorly
executed content with questions,
objections, and expectations that people
just don't actually give a [__] to know.
You have to use content in all of these
steps I've talked about. The emails, the
the research FAQs and the SOPs, okay,
the hammer them content, the breakout
videos on the confirmation page. All of
these have to be things that people
going through your buying process
genuinely give a [__] to know. If you
just use random [__] that you poorly
come up with, okay, just truly I've seen
so many awful like so far off from what
your buyer would actually want to know
kind of stuff. And then you wonder,
you're like, "Oh, I'm not my show rate's
still shit." It's like, "Well, yeah, no
[__] You did an awful job at executing
it." You know what I mean? So anyway,
execute it right. Do all these things.
It's like it's damn near [__]
impossible not to have at least 60 to
70% show rates. When you do all of it
the right way and not just some of it
that you feel like halfass doing. You
get what I'm saying? So anyway, the
outcome of this specific part of
callunnel best practices is improving
show rate and making people show up
further along in the sales process.
Okay. The other big thing that we also
use here is what we refer to as trust
assets and sales assets. Okay, so these
two things, same thing. I have entire
videos on this channel dedicated to just
these two topics. And in the video, I
talk at length about a capital raise
client that we have where they had
plenty of very financially qualified,
accredited investors showing up to their
sales calls, that just had a lot of very
honest and real questions that needed
answered. And every time these types of
questions would come up, this specific
organization, this client, they would
proactively make new trust assets. Like
as an example of one of the
sophisticated questions that that
demographic would have, people would
show up and they'd be like, "Hey, can
you show me of the last like two years
worth of deals you've done, what the
amount in invested has been, what the
time has has been that has gone by, what
the amount of cash uh whether it's cash
on cash return, whether it's like equity
that they rolled into the next deal,
whether it's like month-on-month cash
flow they've generated. Like how much is
an average investor put in? How long did
it take? How much did they get out of
it? What do they on average do with it?
What's like your reinvestment rate of
your average investor? You know, what's
the average amount that people are
putting into your projects? Can you talk
to me about your failed deals that
you've done? Can you talk to me about
the worst deal you've done, the best
deal you've done, the average deal
you've done? Can you introduce me to
like all the people on your team? Can I
fly out and like meet you guys? Can I do
a walkthrough of one of your project
sites? You know, there's just like all
these really highlevel questions that
when you turn them into trust assets,
these are like very wellexecuted videos.
They don't have to be super high
production. They don't even have to be
this good. They just have to be like a
loom going through the actual data of
what people want to know. When people
are saying like, "Oh, I want to go visit
visit a project site." It's like, "Well,
guess what? this specific business.
Every time they would visit a project
site, they would just do a [__]
walkthrough video and they would show
people all kinds of different stages of
projects because they constantly go
around to the different projects they
have, both completed ones, both the in
development ones and the ones where they
just have a [__] plot of land and are
going through the permitting process.
this specific organization started
putting on little microphones and
walking into the local municipalities
for the permits that they needed
approved and would have like GC's and
all the subcontractors on the property
doing walkthroughs and you know
articulating like walking through
[__] blueprint plans with architects
and and designers and things like this
uh going through the materials that
they'd purchase, where they'd buy them
from, whether those things were going to
be impacted by things like tariffs now
that we're in this current economy. You
know, it's like there's all kinds of
[__] that they made and we call those
trust assets and sales assets. Okay? And
for different organizations, obviously
those look completely different. But my
point being is like this combination,
okay? This set of trust assets and sales
assets, all these videos like the
research SOPs, the FAQ documents, those
videos, the confirmation pages, all the
emails, these also all become things by
the way that the salespeople can
manually be sending out to people as
well. So the other main thing that we've
seen drive a ton of lift, okay, and this
is very important to understand, lift in
show rate, people being further along in
the sales process, shorter sales cycles,
okay, manual followup from the closer
with information like this. Okay, I
constantly tell clients, I constantly
tell inner circle members, I constantly
tell students in our course community,
one of the number one influences of show
rate and people being further along in
the sales process is a salesperson
successfully establishing communication
pre-all. Okay, that doesn't mean an hour
before the call. That means as soon as
the call gets assigned to them, ideally
within those first few hours max,
there's a real human being, not a
[__] automated bot from a green text,
not one of those new [__] blue text
softwares that's still using a notreal
person's phone number. A salesperson
from an iPhone texting the lead before
the call has the highest delivery rate
straight to where the person pays
attention to the most, their text
message inbox. And even greater than
that, they send a selfie video. Okay,
huge impacts on show rate and how far
along people are in the sales process by
a salesperson establishing communication
prior to the call. These people should
obviously look trustworthy. They should
look good. They should be presentable.
They should sound professional, but more
importantly than anything else, they are
helpful. They are researchoriented.
They're just trying to solicit
communication prior to that call. Okay?
Just like everything else that I
consistently talk to you guys about, I
have entire best practice SOPs dedicated
exclusively to show rate best practices,
okay? Four sales teams to use. And I
can't stress it enough. Buy one of our
products. Okay? The link is in the
description in this video. You have
offers like our inner circle offer which
are for rich people trying to get a hell
of a lot richer and for master internet
marketing members who would like to join
in as either training their staff or
training themselves on all the best
practices from a digital marketing
perspective that we've learned over the
years. both have extensive libraries,
dense amounts of information, access to
all the SOPs we've created, and in
addition to that, access to Jeremy AI,
the ability to ask and get answers
whenever you want in either video calls,
voice calls, or written with you
messaging it. People have used it for ad
ideas, writing ad copy, writing landing
page copy, creating webinars, creating
VSSL scripts, just talking to it about
understanding the course material. It is
not one of those frivolous surface level
[__] AI offers. It is extremely
valuable. Trained on a decade of every
single It is trained on over 4 million
data points just to put it in
perspective for how much information and
training material exclusively from me
we've uploaded into it. It's not some
[__] chat GPT rapper or claude
rapper. It is Jeremy AI. The
development, the function, the benefit,
the outcomes it's helped with are wide.
It is very very beneficial to
organizations from what we've seen at
all income ranges and we include those
in all of our offers. Again, there's
links in the description for both of
these opportunities and I would actively
encourage you jump into them. They'll be
a lot more helpful than the YouTube
videos that you're currently consuming.
And think about it like this. The
YouTube videos have been extremely
helpful. I'm not one of those people
that says, "Oh, I don't have anything to
sell you." I've got a ton of [__] to
sell you. I would love for you to spend
money with us. That's why I like to make
these YouTube videos. And here's the
craziest part. You won't even understand
this until you're eventually in the paid
product of your choice. I withhold damn
near 90%. I could talk about this exact
same video in length to the inner circle
members or in the master internet
marketing group and I add 90% more to it
with examples and all kinds of
additional insight that I'll never
provide for you here on YouTube. But
you'll still obviously get a ton of
perspective here on this channel that
you don't get from anywhere else. other
people charge you for this level of
information I'm giving you. I'm telling
you as transparent as I can that this is
10% of the [__] that I can teach and
talk to you about. Think about that. Go
down into the description, pick a link
of your choice and check out my offers
and opportunities that might be best for
you because you need them. You need
them. So anyway, callunnel best
practices. Okay, we have this
combination of all of these things we've
talked about so far. Okay, and you must
do all of them, not some of them, all of
them in order to really maximize show
rate. people showing up on the calls
much further along comparatively to what
they will be without these best
practices. And you have to understand it
continues on from here, my friend. We
have all the post call best practices.
In addition to that, we have sales
training for the calls itself. But hey,
I got [__] to do and you got [__] to do,
too. Pick a link in the description for
which product's going to be best for
you. I look forward to helping you a lot
more than I've done here just in this
video. I hope if you've gotten value
that you're going to subscribe to the
channel and check out some of my other
videos. Again, everything that we talk
about on the channel is passing down
lessons from the million-doll a month
earners that we've worked with and
helped get there and just passing them
down in little bite-size lessons like
this to you. Looking forward to helping
you get richer and uh talk